C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Properties\launchSettings.json
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.json
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.deps.json
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.dll
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.pdb
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Infra.dll
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Model.dll
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Infra.pdb
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Model.pdb
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Helpers.pdb
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.dll
C:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioB2W\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.pdb
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Properties\launchSettings.json
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.json
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.deps.json
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.dll
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.pdb
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Infra.dll
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Model.dll
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Infra.pdb
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Model.pdb
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWars.Helpers.pdb
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.dll
c:\Users\brandalc\OneDrive - Banco BTG Pactual S.A\Documents\Repo-Git-BTG\Dev.-Back-End\DesafioStarsWars\src\StarWarsApi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\StarWarsApi.pdb
